what's up where advanced kill a lion
trails jam and Penny a the beautiful
staff of Franz unfortunately I got
injured in practice and cannot ride go
check out my monkeys teammates Ben
Wallace and cam white trading it been
Oh
y
this is my first time at the satchel
contest I rode the jumps before but it's
really fun having a contest at a
permanent set of trails instead of just
you know quickly built set up and it's
been real family and Wallace rather
having a blast it's good right
open
Oh
it's been an amazing weekend in penne
and south of france for the van skillet
on context got the second place spot
pretty happy about it so happy to ride
with everyone it was awesome and i can't
wait for the next year
you